= Pomodori

* http://github.com/reborg/pomodori

== DESCRIPTION:

Pomodori is a Mac OS only tool based on the pomodoro technique (PT) by Francesco Cirillo. Pomodori has a timer and lets you store pomodoro descriptions as well with just a single click for the overall cycle. Pomodori helps visualize your performance and plan future activities. For more information about pomodoros please read the original PDF paper at: http://www.tecnicadelpomodoro.it/docs/francesco-cirillo/2007/ThePomodoroTechnique_v1-3.pdf and keep in touch with the pomodoro community at http://www.pomodorotechnique.com/

== FEATURES:

The project is young but features are added fast. As of today:

* Pomodori automatically starts a 25 mins countdown when launched
* Pomodori will ring a bell at the end of the 25 mins
* A description can be added to the pomodoro just spent and a timestamp is saved automatically
* A database is created in ~/Library/Application Support/Pomodori where you can read the descriptions (for the final realease advanced report capabilities will be provided)
* Pomodori will then start a break timer (5 mins) as soon as you add the description
* Pomodori will ring again at the end of the break and will start another 25 mins pomodoro for you
* A pomodoro can be voided (no information stored) and Pomodori will jump directly to the break

== COMING SOON:

* After 4 pomodoros Pomodori will kindly remember you that is time for a longer break
* Instead of showing "running" Pomodori will collect 2 simple statistics for you: how many pomodoros worked yesterday and how many today so far.

== REQUIREMENTS:

MacRuby 0.4 (trunk). I plan to embed MacRuby in the app so you don't have to until MacRuby is available natively on the Mac. But for now you have to install (more instructions here http://www.macruby.org/trac/wiki/InstallingMacRuby) simply with:

* git clone git://github.com/masterkain/macruby.git
* cd macruby
* rake
* sudo rake install 

== INSTALL:

Click on the download button at the top of this page right after the name of the project. Unzip the package locally and inside you'll find a file called pomodori.app. Copy pomodori.app in /Applications or double-click right from there.

If you need to rebuild the app just:

* git clone git://github.com/reborg/pomodori.git
* Optional but recommended: run the test suite with 'macrake'
* 'macrake clean; macrake build' from the root directory to generate the app

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Renzo Borgatti

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.