---
layout: post
title: charts in progress
---

TODAY's PLANNED 7
-----------------

TODAY's DONE 6
------------
- \@template a component that reads an html and replaces placeholder with actual data 6 => 6 (but not finished)

TODAY's NOT DONE
----------------
- \@template a component that reads an html and replaces placeholder with actual data 6 => 6 (not done)
- \@charts @layout move back to absolute positioning 1

STANDUP
-------
* Yesterday I did some working on the HTML template prototype and decided that a simple text expansion is all I need
* Today I'm going to create that component that handle all the html creation from the template to the temp file with real data substitution

POMOSPECTIVE
------------
* Fairly good estimates
* Was not able to split the task into subtasks. There are 3 subtasks to this "component". A design pomodoro maybe would do the trick.

INTERNAL INTERRUPTIONS
----------------------
* Several micro-internal-interruptions mainly due to my breaks reading mail and tweets and following up to them on the go. Got to stop this.

EXTERNAL INTERRUPTIONS
----------------------
* I had an abort session before I closed the last pomodoro

RAW DUMP
--------
<pre><code>
  112|\@charts writing the chart model that loads template and makes substitutions|2009-03-27 07:47:55 -0500
  113|\@charts creating logic to replace a ERB like tag from a line of text|2009-03-27 08:18:38 -0500
  114|\@charts going strategies from the main chart class to create different types of charts. The summary is the default, by day is the second.|2009-03-27 08:51:21 -0500
  115|\@charts done with the template processing, only need to call pomodorocountbyday|2009-03-27 09:23:52 -0500
  116|\@charts implementing the pomodoro by count class. Creating the test pomodoros.|2009-03-27 10:20:11 -0500
  117|\@charts almost done with the pomo count abstraction. Need to create attr accessors.|2009-03-27 10:51:31 -0500
</code></pre>
