---
layout: post
title: main view work in progress
---

TODAY's PLANNED 9
-----------------

TODAY's DONE 7
--------------
* planning 1 => 1
* add gh-pages as submodule of master 2 => 1
* modularization: replace actual application.rb UI with mainview object 2 => 3
* modularization: extract multiple controllers and new mainview object from application.rb. 4 => 2

TODAY's NOT DONE
----------------
* modularization: extract multiple controllers and new mainview object from application.rb. 4 => 2

STANDUP
-------
* I need to decide how big the refactoring should be and if I can call it refactoring or just a re-write of the application.rb
* I think UI modularization is more appropriate
* The work to do is to finish the layout of the mainview until I have more or less the same visual appeal of before
* Consider not to waste too much time fine tweaking the UI, try to get the modularization done first and then fine tweak the UI. The important thing is that you see everything on the UI working as before.

RETROSPECTIVE
-------------
* Planned 9, actually done 7
* I have to be more careful about judging how much time I have available considering one long break every 4 hours
* The refactoring operations are much more complicated than expected I should split into multiple tasks or consider if I'm working on focus. Is the main view creation part of the controller extraction?

INTERNAL INTERRUPTIONS
----------------------

EXTERNAL INTERRUPTIONS
----------------------

RAW DUMP
--------
<pre><code>
  73|@planning plus fixing some markdown jekyll generation issue|2009-03-16 15:07:24 -0500
  74|@refactor creating the main view and learning how to align layout-views correctly using the example app|2009-03-16 15:37:57 -0500
  75|@refactor creating the main-view more layout madness|2009-03-16 16:08:50 -0500
  76|@refactor creating the main view. Had to decide if to use the same label for input and output. Also had a look at NSIMage for the pomo icon|2009-03-16 16:39:49 -0500
  77|@refactor done with main-view creation copy pasting from application. It doesn't visualize as expected.|2009-03-16 17:29:42 -0500
  78|@refactor testing the new main view but having problems to see where the margin of the layouts are.|2009-03-16 18:02:54 -0500
  79|@refactor did some progress on understanding layouts. The mode vertical/horizontal for example. Still fighting for the best layout.|2009-03-16 18:36:55 -0500
  80|@website finally got gh-pages as master submodule so I can change the site from the master branch|2009-03-17 08:43:32 -0500
</code></pre>