---
layout: post
title: back to charts
---

TODAY's PLANNED 4
---------------

TODAY's DONE 3
------------
* \@spike samr try to use it for an html file defining a syntax similar to erb. 4 => 2
* \@spike custom solution to the html parsing problem 2 => 1

TODAY's NOT DONE
----------------

STANDUP
-------
* Closed all refactoring operations. The architecture is now: 1 class to handle the UI for a window, multiple controllers to handle widget on that window, models if persisted state is involved.
* Also tweaked the UI using a nice looking gradient fill.
* Today: back to business value! I left charting when I created that mocked view to show the web-view and css-charting was a working possibility
* I need a template mechanism with placeholders for the chart template. Radius was not parsing correctly. Placeholder by hand are good until I need looping. Samr?

POMOSPECTIVE
------------
* I need to schedule also non-billable time, something I need to do before working on Pomodori needs to run on Pomodoro too, even though is not tracked here.
* Few pomodoros are always good pomodoros.

INTERNAL INTERRUPTIONS
----------------------

EXTERNAL INTERRUPTIONS
----------------------

RAW DUMP
--------
<pre><code>
  109|\@spike trying semr. I need to remove the oniguruma dependency if I want to use it. It looks possible. Doing.|2009-03-26 17:31:06 -0500
  110|\@spike semr: wrote to the author. I can't make it work with plain regexp. Ready to go manual html parsing.|2009-03-26 18:10:27 -0500
  111|\@spike own solution with replacement done by just expanding HTML into the template. Working.|2009-03-26 18:43:07 -0500
</code></pre>
