---
layout: post
title: making space on the main view
---

SESSION PLANNED 7
-----------------

SESSION DONE 5
--------------
- \@planning 1
- \@pomodori instead of the label "running" in the summary, try to change the title bar instead 1 => 2
- \@pomodori \@refactoring KirbyStorage contains methods like yesterday or today pomodoros. I think they should go into pomodori controller to call relevant methods from kirby storage. 1 => 1
- \@pomodori \@yestpomo spike on different kind of windows and retrieve mouse position 1 => 1

SESSION NOT DONE
----------------
- \@pomodori \@yestpomo spike scrollable grid-table views 2

STANDUP
-------
* I'd like to work on the pomo history to display the dump of raw pomodoros (first step) instead of opening the file by hand to copy the raw dump
* Still not sure how to handle the new window in the UI

POMOSPECTIVE
------------
* I did a big underestimation and I grabbed the next task
* I was tired at the end I skipped one pomo
* Distractions are more tempting when I'm tired. Doh.
* I always have the feeling I've done something thanks to pomos.

INTERRUPTIONS
-------------
- \@internal as usual, reading blogs I couldn't resist to read some more. Damn.

RAW DUMP
--------
<pre><code>
  172|\@planning|2009-04-15 17:08:58 -0500
  173|\@pomodori \@yestpomo want to update the main title on running modes, but this breaks the tests!|2009-04-15 17:40:14 -0500
  174|\@pomodori change title bar working now with new compacted layout. Had to remove the running mode call from main view init|2009-04-15 18:11:56 -0500
  175|\@pomodori \@refactoring moved two unrelated methods from kirby to pomo controller|2009-04-15 18:42:49 -0500
  176|\@pomodori \@yestpomo started analyizing the problem of catching mouse position|2009-04-15 19:20:54 -0500
</code></pre>
